README.md, before:

# Reddit-Inertia
<table>
<tr>
<td>
  A web app for a custom reddit dashboard using the new features from Laravel v8.0, which uses the InertiaJS framework to render components instead of traditional html templates. This is more of a learning/experimental project to try out their Single-Page App approach with React instead of Vue, also Jest & PHPUnit for testing, and Docker as a container. 
</td>
</tr>
</table>


## Site

### Dashboard
The user's dashboard shows the subreddits they are following (and friends), which they can browse posts from and archive them for later use. 

![](/public/dashboard.png?raw=true)


Users can also open up browse panel to add popular subreddits to their profile, as well as search for new ones. The search will verify if the subreddit exists and return a success or error alert.

![](/public/browse.png?raw=true) ![](/public/search.png?raw=true)



### Profile
Here the user can view and remove their archived posts.

![](public/Profile.png?raw=true)


## Mobile support
This app uses a responsive grid to cater to differt devices & sizes. 


## Built with 
- [Laravel](https://laravel.com/) v8.0.0
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) v16.2.0
- [Redux](https://redux.js.org/) v4.0.5
- [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/) v5.7.24
- [Inertia](http://inertiajs.com/) v0.1.7
- [Chakra-UI](https://chakra-ui.com/) v0.8.0
- [Docker](https://docker.com/) v19.03.01


## Testing
- PHPUnit through Laravel 
- Jest for React Components


## Contact
Created by Ryan Hsin - please feel free to contact me!

Commit message:

experimenting with Livewire framework within blade template

README.md, after:

# Reddit-Inertia
<table>
<tr>
<td>
  A web app for a custom reddit dashboard using the new features from Laravel v8.0, which uses the InertiaJS framework to render components instead of traditional html templates. This is more of a learning/experimental project to try out their Single-Page App approach with React instead of Vue, also Jest & PHPUnit for testing, and Docker as a container. 
</td>
</tr>
</table>


## Site

### Dashboard
The user's dashboard shows the subreddits they are following (and friends), which they can browse posts from and archive them for later use. 

![](/public/Dashboard.png?raw=true)


Users can also open up browse panel to add popular subreddits to their profile, as well as search for new ones. The search will verify if the subreddit exists and return a success or error alert.

![](/public/Browse.png?raw=true)


![](/public/Search.png?raw=true)


### Profile
Here the user can view and remove their archived posts.

![](public/Profile.png?raw=true)


### Subreddits Index
Livewire Component that shows top 100 subreddits and can retrieve more from Reddit API.

![](public/Top100.png?raw=true)


## Mobile support
This app uses a responsive grid to cater to differt devices & sizes. 


## Built with 
- [Laravel](https://laravel.com/) v8.0.0
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) v16.2.0
- [Redux](https://redux.js.org/) v4.0.5
- [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/) v5.7.24
- [Inertia](http://inertiajs.com/) v0.1.7
- [Chakra-UI](https://chakra-ui.com/) v0.8.0
- [Docker](https://docker.com/) v19.03.01


## Testing
- PHPUnit through Laravel 
- Jest for React Components


## Contact
Created by Ryan Hsin - please feel free to contact me!
